Deprecate MASTG-TOOL-0046 (Cycript), MASTG-TOOL-0047 (Cydia), MASTG-TOOL-0023 (RootCloak) and Add MASTG-TOOL-0142 (Choicy), MASTG-TOOL-0141 (IOSSecuritySuite), MASTG-TOOL-0139 (ElleKit), MASTG-TOOL-0138 (ipainstaller), MASTG-TOOL-0137 (GlobalWebInspect), MASTG-TOOL-0140 (frida-multiple-unpinning) (#3354)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: tools/ios/MASTG-TOOL-0064.md

source: https://github.com/Sileo/Sileo
---

> Sileo is a third-party app store available for both rooted and rootless jailbreaks on iOS 12+. It provides a graphical user interface around `apt/dpkg` and allows you to install applications, binaries and tweaks. Sileo is packaged with popular jailbreaks such as Dopamine and palera1n.

Reviewer: Wha not keeping the link?

```suggestion
[Sileo](https://getsileo.app) is a third-party app store available for both rooted and rootless jailbreaks on iOS 12+. It provides a graphical user interface around `apt/dpkg` and allows you to install apps, binaries and tweaks. Sileo is packaged with popular jailbreaks such as Dopamine and palera1n.
```
